Calling the appropriate function according to the button pressed can be accomplished without "if"s by using subtype polymorphism, such as modifying the Operation constructor to take an additional parameter specifying as to which subclass it should instantiate itself.

Each of Subtraction, Multiplication, Division, Cube, and Factorial overrides the parent class Operation's operate() and getEquation functions(), returning the appropriate mathematical values based on the given operands and the corresponding human-readable text representing the expression, respectively. Whenever the button associated with a specific operation is clicked, a new subclass of Operation is created (__construct() is called). The PHP within the <pre> tag calls getEquation() if the constructor does not throw any exceptions (to populate the text at the top of the window), then operate() is called, yielding the expression's value.

If $_GET were used, the operands' values would have to be first inserted into the URL as parameters via a $_POST. $_GET would then extract these values to perform the appropriate operation. The current implementation of this application, without $_GET, is preferable, because $_GET's URL manipulation causes unnecessary overhead, and does not provide as clean an interface.

There isn't a better way to determine which button was pressed, but there is a better way to take the appropriate action. Passing the value that was POSTed to the Operation constructor, as I mentioned above, would leverage subtype polymorphism so that only one constructor (Operation) would have to be called, instead of the branching structure that currently exists in the "Part 2" section of lab6.php.